Hi there!

pyWeatherLink is a python implementation of the communication protocol 
used by the Davis WeatherLink. It has been developed with a WeatherLink 
coupled with a Davis WeatherWizard III, but should also work with a 
Davis Perception II or a Weather Monitor II. It has been written from 
scratch by Henrik Persson <root@fulhack.info> in a weekends time during 
the fall of 2008.

pyWeatherLink is hacky, largely undocumented, needs some refactoring and 
(re)design and all users should beware of bugs. That said, it has been 
running for six months uninterrupted, 24 hours a day, seven days a week 
without any problems serving the weather information for 
http://www.estt.se.

communication.py holds the bits and pieces for communicating with the 
WeatherLink. It uses pySerial for serial communication (ttyS1 is 
hardcoded, feel free to change it) with the device. See weatherlink.py 
for an example of how to just read the data values once, and see 
WxDaemon.py for a simple SocketServer implementation.

There is a lot of stuff on the TODO-list (like implementing CRC-CCITT 
checking of the data received from the WeatherLInk), so feel free to 
tinker with the code. If you do, I appreciate a patch of your changes. 
The project is, for me, in a state of hiatus at the moment, due to lack 
of time and interest (it works, no need to fix it, right?). But if 
anyone is interested I would be more than happy making this into a 
larger project with a few more people onboard. Drop an email if you are 
interested. :)

pyWeatherLink is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify 
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

yWeatherLink is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but 
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU 
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along 
with pyWeatherLink. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
